NARRATOR
Professor Sycamore's Pokémon
summer camp is beginning
its sixth day and our heroes
have been battling Tierno
and his friends for entry
into the Summer Camp Hall of
Fame.
With a rivalry both
friendly and fierce
the two teams are currently
tied for the lead
and to break that tie, it's
time for the final event
the Team Battle
Competition.
[CONTENT]
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, professor.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'It's already day six
of camp, which means'
we finally decide
who gets into the Hall of Fame.
So, get ready for the
Team Battle Competition.
Wow, that's so awesome!
Cool!
Yeah!
Team battle, huh?
[PLEASED]
Everyone's so excited.
The Team Battle Competition
works like a tournament.
As usual, the competing teams
that take the top three spots
will receive points.
We have two teams tied for the
lead with 13 points.
And those teams are
Team Froakie and Team Squirtle.
This is our final camp event.
So give it all
you've got and have fun!
[cheering]
[PLEASED]
A team battle consists of
several Trainers forming a team
and battling using
various types of formations.
Now, today our team will be
made up of three Trainers
but it can be a five
or even a seven‐person team.
Wow, really?
It sounds confusing to me.
Have you done this before,
Clemont?
Unfortunately,
I've never had the chance.
But, it sounds like
you guys have!
That's for sure.
It usually happens whenever
a lot of Trainers get together.
Yeah, she's right.
The next thing we usually do
is have a strategy meeting.
'It's fun to compare the
personalities and skills'
'of Pokémon while we
decide on our formation.'
You come up with amazing
Battle‐combo moves.
It's fun to put those
Battle‐combo moves to the test.
Alright, Serena and Clemont,
we can't lose.
We'll win this competition
and get into the Hall of Fame.
[DETERMINED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Battling into
the Hall of Fame!"
Now, Pikachu, let's get it
going with Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Fennekin, use Hidden Power!
Combine it
with that Electro Ball!
[HIDDEN POWER MOVE]
Alright, Bunnelby, Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
‐ It worked.
‐ Awesome, Serena!
That Battle‐combo move
was cool!
Yeah. Serena could be
a great performer, no doubt.
[PAINED]
Marvelous!
Team Froakie has now made it
through this battle
and that means
on to the finals!
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA
Alright!
[DELIGHTED]
It's time for the final battle
against Team Squirtle
who has already moved
to the finals!
Yeah, they did it!
[EXCITED]
I knew Team Froakie
would get here.
I can see why everyone likes
team battling so much.
‐ It's exciting.
‐ Sure is.
I've got to agree,
it's a lot of fun.
And now,
before we get under way
both teams will have
their strategy meetings.
It won't be long now.
Time to put our plan
into high gear.
Making it real for the steal.
Here's our plan..
[EXCITED]
Will you calm down?
Not yet. Oh.
This time I've come up
with a savory strategy
as luscious as a well‐seasoned
slow‐cooked stew.
If we get our hands on
Squirtle and the others
Pikachu will surely come
running to save them.
And if we use Squirtle
and its buddies as shields
Pikachu won't be able
to lay a paw on us.
We'll grab the load
of them without a fight.
Attention!
I'd like you all to get started
on today's menu, please?
‐ And thank you.
‐ Yes, ma'am.
Our first‐class cuisine
must come to an end.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
'Cause we're going back
to our regular gig, dig?
[EMPHATIC]
Hello there, Trainers.
Alright. It's the camp cooks.
Kudos for making it
to the final round.
How nice. Thanks a lot.
We owe you a lot for always
making such yummy food.
Oh, you've made me
a happy chef.
Is there something
we can do for you?
There is.
Before the finals, we thought
we'd give your Pokémon
a complimentary health checkup.
But wouldn't the Pokémon Center
be the place to do that?
Nurse Joy's busy
with the Twerps..
What I mean to say is she's busy
with Pikachu and all the others.
We may look like just chefs.
But we're licensed
healthcare workers too.
You are?
Having healthcare professionals
who can cook is awesome.
‐ Sure is.
‐ Alright.
I think you've said enough.
[laughing]
Okay then, thanks.
Your Pokémon, if you please.
‐ 'See you later, Squirtle.'
‐ 'You too, Charmander.'
We'll treat them
like they were ours.
Off to the Pokémon Center.
[laughing]
Okay, here you go.
[EXCITED]
‐ Buddy.
‐ We're all finished.
‐ Everybody's healthy.
‐ That's great.
Thanks a lot, Nurse Joy.
And now it's time
for the final battle.
Yay! Yay! I'm so excited!
[panting]
‐ Nurse Joy.
‐ Huh?
We're here for our Pokémon.
Huh? That's confusing.
[CONFUSED]
‐ I'm afraid they're not here.
‐ Huh?
[all gasping]
Ready or not,
it's checkup time.
[PLEASED]
Pumpkaboo.
[CONFIDENT]
Leech Seed, let's go.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
[CONFUSED]/[DISTRESSED]
Stay calm,
the best thing you can do
for yourselves now is relax.
A chilled Pokémon
is a happy Pokémon.
Our chefs did that?
[SURPRISED]
Guess they can do anything.
They might still be busy
with the checkup.
Yeah, but it's been
such a long time.
I think we should split up
and go look for them.
‐ Hm.
‐ Huh! Huh!
‐ Hey!
Hey, Bunnelby's
pointing over there.
What is it, Fennekin?
[DETERMINED]
‐ Fennekin.
‐ Bunnelby.
‐ Pikachu?
‐ They all sense something.
Quick, let's follow them.
[panting]
CATHERINE
'Hello? Chefs?'
Boss alert. Return.
Cover up.
Oh, there you are.
I was looking all over for you.
Forgive us. We're looking
for vegetables for the kids.
[URGENT]
‐ What's this?
‐ Fennekin!
‐ Where are the Pokémon?
‐ Well, well.
No need to grouse.
Pikachu in the house.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Meowth.
MEOWTH
That's right.
Fennekin?
Trespasser.
Get away now.
Your nose is getting out
of joint.
[URGENT]
Is there something in there?
What have you done
with all of our Pokémon?
[DISTRESSED]
Hey, cut it out.
Leave our veggies alone.
What's going on, Fennekin?
Oh, dear.
Something's got to be wrong.
Both Fennekin and Bunnelby are
sure something else's in there.
[CONFIDENT]
Now, you're just
making things up.
Nothing in here
but fresh veggies.
And if you keep
messing with us
there won't be
any veggies tonight.
[DETERMINED]
[all gasping]
‐ 'Bulbasaur!'
‐ 'Squirtle!'
‐ 'Charmander.'
‐ Those are Pokémon.
And no matter
what you say
they're definitely
not vegetables.
What do you think
you're doing with them?
Prepare for trouble,
we don't think, we know.
And make it
a multi‐kidnapping show.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a frantic food fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[EMPHATIC]
Team Rocket. Not you again.
Team Rocket?
They're bad guys who try
to steal people's Pokémon.
Does that mean
you're not real chefs?
I'm sorry, ma'am,
but this is our day job.
But you don't have
to pay us for today.
'These are the tools
of the Team Rocket trade.'
‐ What did you say?
‐ No way.
And now we go into act two.
[CONFIDENT]
Don't move a Twerpish inch.
Not if you want
to keep these lugs safe.
[grunting]
You cowards.
Well, duh, we're bad guys.
If you want
to save your friends
Pikachu, let's make a deal.
Join up with Team Rocket.
We keep it real.
[EMPHATIC]
[OUTRAGED]
That's got to be a joke.
Bulbasaur, hang in there.
Charmander, use Flamethrower.
You've got to rip
that vine apart.
[DAZED]
We've got to get them
out of there.
Aw, what will you do?
They all look
rather sleepy to me.
Okay, Pikachu.
Over here right now.
[ANGRY]
We'll get everyone
out of there safely, no doubt.
Go, Bunnelby.
[INTENT]
Okay, Ash, now.
Right. Froakie, Go!
[INTENT]
Fennekin, you too!
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam.
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
Quick, Froakie,
use your Frubbles, now!
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
[gasping]
Use Scratch, Fennekin!
[SCRATCH MOVE]
Alright, Froakie, use cut.
[CUT MOVE]
Now, Pikachu, wrap it up
with Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
We were really on a roll.
At least cooking brought us
in some extra funds.
Too bad we didn't bring them.
[EXASPERATED]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
Oh, what a crying shame.
And to think they were
such talented chefs.
Glad you're okay.
Thanks to all of you.
We owe you so very much.
And now it's time
for the finals.
This is gonna be fun.
Now, teams, are you all
ready for our final battle?
On my whistle, lets go.
[DETERMINED]
Here we come.
Use Quick Attack!
Not so fast.
Charmander, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Alright, Fennekin,
protect Pikachu
with Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Use Rapid Spin on Pikachu, go!
[RAPID SPIN MOVE]
[PAINED]
Now, use Water Gun on Fennekin!
[WATER GUN MOVE]
They don't waste a step.
Squirtle can move.
Now, Chespin,
use Vine Whip on Squirtle!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Dodge that.
[EXERTION]
Use Flame Burst on Chespin!
[FLAME BURST MOVE]
[PAINED]/[WORRIED]
Pikachu?
You just saw Flame Burst's
additional effect.
You see, Flame Burst can cause
damage to multiple targets.
Now, Razor Leaf!
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
[all gasping]
Hm. They're trying
to finish this.
They're really strong.
Look at Squirtle's
rhythmic dancing.
Just like it did before.
They're using it
to mount their attack.
Rhythm.
Man, are they good at that.
Looks like Squirtle's steps
have them not knowing
what to do next.
It's all in the moves.
What can they do?
[EXHAUSTED]
We've got to break
their rhythm. But how?
Bulbasaur,
stand by for Solar Beam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[CONCENTRATED
We've got to do something
to buy a little time
until that Solar Beam's
all charged up.
Well, alright, Squirtle
Aqua Tail on Fennekin,
let's rock.
[AQUA TAIL MOVE]
Fennekin, use Hidden Power.
[HIDDEN POWER MOVE]
[ALARMED]
Fennekin!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'Fennekin's unable to battle.'
Fennekin, return.
Now, Charmander,
Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Dodge it, Pikachu.
We're all charged up.
Use Solar Beam.
Pikachu, dodge.
[EXERTION]
Now, Chespin, Vine Whip.
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[all gasping]
[INTENT]
That was some combination.
I thought we had a direct hit.
Pikachu. Thunderbolt on
Charmander.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Charmander is unable to battle.
Huh! Okay, return.
Thanks, Charmander.
Get a good rest.
Don't worry. I'll get them
back for you. Use Rapid Spin.
[RAPID SPIN MOVE]
Ash, now it's time for us
to wrap this thing up.
Use Vine Whip.
Yeah, alright, Pikachu.
Use Electro Ball.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Squirtle, dodge it, quick.
[PAINED]
Aah! Bulbasaur.
[HAPPY]
[PLEASED]
Nice combination, guys
but we're not done. AquaTail.
[AQUA TAIL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Pikachu, Use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[all gasping]
And that's the end of it.
Team Froakie
is our winning team.
And that means
you'll be in the Hall of Fame.
'Congratulations
to Team Froakie.'
Now let's give
a big round of applause
to our runners up,
Team Squirtle.
Hall of Fame! Hall of Fame!
We did it. Yay.
‐ Yeah, but, Fennekin.
‐ Don't worry, Serena.
Fennekin may have lost today
but you can always
use that to get stronger.
[OPTIMISTIC]/[EMPHATIC]
[HAPPY]
Oh! You were so awesome,
Squirtle.
[SAD]
Don't worry, Squirtle.
It's okay to cry.
Nice battling, Bulbasaur.
[APPRECIATIVE]
We'll get you back next time.
‐ Okay, Ash?
‐ Okay.
[EXCITED]
We've got
a great surprise for you
on our summer camp's
final night.
These fireworks
will help us celebrate
our week of memories.
Marvelous.
[all gasping]
[all gasp]
‐ Hey, Tierno?
‐ Hmm?
Thinking about our last battle.
Can you show me
your battle style again?
[SURPRISED]
You mean the way
it moves and grooves?
Uh‐huh, I've never seen
a battling style
like that before.
If we can learn
how to battle like that
I think we'll be
a lot stronger.
No doubt.
'See, I'm gonna be
challenging the Shalour Gym.'
I'm sure your battling style
would be really effective
at a Fighting‐type Gym
like Shalour.
A Gym battle. I get it. Yeah.
Why don't you show him?
Moving and grooving like
you do in battle is so cool.
Not to mention a rhythmic
battling style like that
is really one of a kind.
As far as I can see, by doing
those dance steps and constantly
moving around, it creates
such smooth transitions
between attacking and dodging.
That's right. See?
It started out when I was
thinking about how to make
moves flow better
when a Pokémon uses them
and I came up
with this way to do it.
Incorporating dance steps
in our battle lets us read
our opponent's movements
and makes it easier for us
to make them battle
at our pace.
‐ Oh, wow! Awesome!
And to tell the truth
I had Tierno
teach me
some dance moves as well.
I'm trying to use it
as part of my performance.
‐ You're kidding me.
‐ That's so cool.
I want to see.
Okay, Ash. I'll teach you
how to move and groove.
Thanks a lot, Tierno.
Okay, everybody.
Come on out.
[APPEARING]
You've got to move it too.
‐ What do you mean me?
‐ Yeah, you.
The most important thing
is for Trainer
and Pokémon to become one.
It won't work unless you're
moving and grooving together.
I guess.
[EXERTION]
Huh! Yeah. Ready to rock.
First, the basics, okay?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Campers.
I hereby announce
that the official closing
of this season's Pokémon
summer camp is upon us.
Everyone. Give yourselves
a round of applause.
I sincerely hope
from the bottom of my heart
that the experience all of you
gained as you competed alongside
'your Pokémon
will be truly memorable'
'as well as invaluable.'
May your journeys
be rich and full.
And keep traveling
onward and upward
along with your Pokémon.
Hey, Ash,
make sure you work on
everything
I showed you last night.
You bet.
I hope you follow through.
I'm a little worried.
Come on. I'll be just fine.
‐ I guess it's time to go.
‐ Yeah, you're right.
Though it's never
easy to say goodbye.
Serena? See you
at the Pokémon Showcase.
‐ Okay.
‐ See you then.
Of course
we're all rivals now.
For sure.
Later. Take care.
Let's battle again soon.
[JUBILANT]
NARRATOR And so, the
curtain comes down
on Professor Sycamore's
Pokémon Summer Camp,
where Trainers and their
Pokémon strengthened their
bonds by competing
and interacting
with others.
Will Ash be able to use
Tierno's unique battling style
to help him win his Gym
battle against Korrina?
The answer to come,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]